Merge Robot Components (#64)
cyberbotics/AROSYS: README.md

> **Note** : It is important to mentionned that the lidar range has to be under 65.535 meter otherwise it will be set at 65 meter because the variable type to store the value is `short`. This comes from source files generated by SmartMDSD. Maintainers will be alerted to this problem so that it can be improved.

### ComponentWebotsRobot

> This component configures a robot in Smartsoft, it provides basic functionnality for the navigation and localization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component configures a robot in Smartsoft, it provides basic functionality for navigation and localization.
```

When used in a system, the name of the robot and its navigation properties should be defined in the `configuration.json` file in the `data` directory of the component.

![ComponentWebotsRobot](ComponentWebotsRobot/model/ComponentWebotsRobotComponentDefinition.jpg)

| Inputs  | outputs |
| ------- | ------- |
| **LocalizationUpdateServiceIn**: not implemented yet | **BatteryEventServiceOut**: not implemented yet |
| **NavigationVelocityServiceIn**: velocity commands (linear velocities and turnrate) | **BaseStateServiceOut**: state of the robot base (position and orientation) |

#### JSON configuration

> Each robot has his specification such as the wheel radius (R), wheel separation (L) and the velocity coefficients. For two wheeled robot, these latter are calculated using simple formulas such as `V_right = w(R+L/2)` and `V_left = w(R-L/2)` which gives `coeff_0 (for Vx) = 1/R`, `coeff_1 (for Vy) = 0` and `coeff_2 (for Vz) = L/(2R)`.  For omniwheeled robot such as the Robotino 3, a matrix conversion can be found in [this paper](http://ftp.itam.mx/pub/alfredo/ROBOCUP/SSLDocs/PapersTDPs/omnidrive.pdf) at section 4. 

Author: ```suggestion
Each robot has his specification such as the wheel radius (R), wheel separation (L) and the velocity coefficients. For two wheeled robot, these latter are calculated using simple formulas such as `V_right = w(R+L/2)` and `V_left = w(R-L/2)` which gives `coeff_0 (for Vx) = 1/R`, `coeff_1 (for Vy) = 0` and `coeff_2 (for Omega) = L/(2R)`.  For omniwheeled robot such as the Robotino 3, a matrix conversion can be found in [this paper](http://ftp.itam.mx/pub/alfredo/ROBOCUP/SSLDocs/PapersTDPs/omnidrive.pdf) at section 4. 
```
